hey man I'm Chris pathan cats here's
some gameplay for soccer physics you can
pick this game up for two dollars and
when you see the graphics you're going
to be like second-guessing it or you
might be a little bit skeptical I'm on
the right
we're doing a gamble for this too so
people are betting a fake money if
they're going to win or lose their
freshest beat boys go first to five wins
y'all think this is a game oh they're
doing that gold that's one no you gotta
look at their liens this I'm not even
joking guys oh now what get it rolling
that way I swear guys I got moves group
go how do i edit that out of life twitch
like how do I make ya'll not see you
that I don't think that I can oh look at
these guys with their combos like we're
playing what's that game
yeah get out of the goal you goofs oh
great look at my guy in the goal doesn't
matter we want
please yes
oh my god 322 what you're going to do
try it bro
33 well we got the slip earlier American
oh no no heads good we got them guys we
got them that's a victory oh my god
awesome gamble winner option one we're
doing again gamble open max bet uh 75
colon same routine win or lose we'll do
another rematch place your bets place
your bets and I'll get ready to type
gamble close dude even the soundtrack is
is dope enough to justify this purchase
um before we get started this doesn't
even count towards the gamble that we're
doing right now I'm just letting people
accrue their bets and stuff but if you
have a friend you can play two player
and play like this and then it's you and
your friend playing a game together
right next to each other and talk about
fun right I wish I had a friend instead
I got to play one player
okay so gamble close let's see how this
is gonna go guys I'm really scared ready
Freddy spaghetti first of five that
counts for nothing that's fine OOP oh
how you gonna get past that oh no he got
past it will do a baby jump oh okay we
got momentum don't give up guys never
give up never surrender yeah see y'all
thought that wasn't gonna happen but it
happened
now don't try it don't try it oh my god
they're doing headstands kick it all
right now jump over the ball perfect
get out of the goal one to one we're
fine if y'all bet on me don't worry guys
I'm not gonna let you down that no
scratch almost cost me the game will do
a quick front flip two points I'm
telling young I can't help it I
huge goals no rip oh my god
oh my god if that made it I would have
been like roldine oh that's a soccer guy
right the Brazilian peek at how you get
the best World II know Heather Heather
into the goal I press nothing i press
nobody's oh no it's a little slippery
Oh
whoa whoa whoa where's the referee Oh
getting a little aggressive blue wins
again gambled winner option one
yeah this does cost a dollar ninety-nine
but in ten seconds I'm going to give
away a promo code for this game ten nine
eight seven six cheesy tostada said that
last goal made me to put the heck to 110
that's a promo code for this game guys
so the first person to type that in to
their itunes um redeemed promo code gets
this game for free so yeah it's a race
if you do win it at least own it and
post in chat that you got the game and
that's the end of this bit thanks for
watching boom cats